README.md, before:

moodle-local_profiletheme
=========================

Moodle plugin which lets admins deliver a certain theme based on a user's profile field


Requirements
------------

This plugin requires Moodle 3.2+


Installation
------------

Install the plugin like any other plugin to folder
/local/profiletheme

See http://docs.moodle.org/en/Installing_plugins for details on installing Moodle plugins


Usage
-----

TODO


Themes
------

The local_profiletheme plugin acts behind the scenes, therefore it works with all moodle themes.


Further information
-------------------

local_profiletheme is found in the Moodle Plugins repository: http://moodle.org/plugins/view/local_profiletheme

Report a bug or suggest an improvement: https://github.com/moodleuulm/moodle-local_profiletheme/issues


Moodle release support
----------------------

Due to limited resources, local_profiletheme is only maintained for the most recent major release of Moodle. However, previous versions of this plugin which work in legacy major releases of Moodle are still available as-is without any further updates in the Moodle Plugins repository.

There may be several weeks after a new major release of Moodle has been published until we can do a compatibility check and fix problems if necessary. If you encounter problems with a new major release of Moodle - or can confirm that local_profiletheme still works with a new major relase - please let us know on https://github.com/moodleuulm/moodle-local_profiletheme/issues


Right-to-left support
---------------------

This plugin has not been tested with Moodle's support for right-to-left (RTL) languages.
If you want to use this plugin with a RTL language and it doesn't work as-is, you are free to send us a pull request on
github with modifications.


Copyright
---------

Davo Smith
Synergy Learning UK
www.synergy-learning.com

on behalf of

Ulm University
kiz - Media Department
Team Web & Teaching Support
Alexander Bias

Commit message:

Add status quo of PHP7 support to README.md

README.md, after:

moodle-local_profiletheme
=========================

Moodle plugin which lets admins deliver a certain theme based on a user's profile field


Requirements
------------

This plugin requires Moodle 3.2+


Installation
------------

Install the plugin like any other plugin to folder
/local/profiletheme

See http://docs.moodle.org/en/Installing_plugins for details on installing Moodle plugins


Usage
-----

TODO


Themes
------

The local_profiletheme plugin acts behind the scenes, therefore it works with all moodle themes.


Further information
-------------------

local_profiletheme is found in the Moodle Plugins repository: http://moodle.org/plugins/view/local_profiletheme

Report a bug or suggest an improvement: https://github.com/moodleuulm/moodle-local_profiletheme/issues


Moodle release support
----------------------

Due to limited resources, local_profiletheme is only maintained for the most recent major release of Moodle. However, previous versions of this plugin which work in legacy major releases of Moodle are still available as-is without any further updates in the Moodle Plugins repository.

There may be several weeks after a new major release of Moodle has been published until we can do a compatibility check and fix problems if necessary. If you encounter problems with a new major release of Moodle - or can confirm that local_profiletheme still works with a new major relase - please let us know on https://github.com/moodleuulm/moodle-local_profiletheme/issues


Right-to-left support
---------------------

This plugin has not been tested with Moodle's support for right-to-left (RTL) languages.
If you want to use this plugin with a RTL language and it doesn't work as-is, you are free to send us a pull request on
github with modifications.


PHP7 Support
------------

Since Moodle 3.0, Moodle core basically supports PHP7.
Please note that PHP7 support is on our roadmap for this plugin, but it has not yet been thoroughly tested for PHP7 support and we are still running it in production on PHP5.
If you encounter any success or failure with this plugin and PHP7, please let us know.


Copyright
---------

Davo Smith
Synergy Learning UK
www.synergy-learning.com

on behalf of

Ulm University
kiz - Media Department
Team Web & Teaching Support
Alexander Bias
